---
created: 2022-08-29 18:55
modified: 2022-08-29 22:39
date: 2022-08-29
meeting-type: 1-on-1
company-name: Veras
role: manager
participants:
  - Brian Bolnick
  - Garrett
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# 1-on-1

Lunch with Jax?

1:1s:
- These don't need to be formal at all - we're super small and scrappy, and I don't want to take away from that
- Give you a safe place to be open and honest about how things are going
- Sync up on your projects
- Make sure we're staying aligned on your career progression and comp and that you're taken care of there
- I'm thinking we can do it like once a month - thoughts there?


Status:
How's your project going?

What's going well?

What could be improved?



Comp:
I want you to feel comfortable to bring it up whenever and to ask any questions you have around it. I don't want it to be a taboo topic. 

(Bring up their current comp). From my perspective, I think we're paying you at or above market rates right now - which we're 100% happy to do because we see you as an A-player who is going to be foundational to the success of the company. We want you to feel the love.

As far as future comp goes, I'd love to continue to lean into equity for raises. We're also going to continue to add benefits as we scale. At a certain point of cash income, it puts you at a tax bracket where you see less and less, each bump has a relatively inconsequential impact on your quality of life, it has the potential to create wide pay gaps and competitive vibes between employees, etc. We also think equity strongly aligns your incentives with the incentives of the company and ultimately has the capacity to lead to a much bigger payout downstream. Where's your head at there?



Personal development:
Executive coaching? (Brian)

Career direction?

Goals?

Book club? 


Brian opened up and shared that they're still hurting on the cash front and he's grateful for the offer we made. Excited to lean more into equity. He'd love to get things rolling on the executive coach front as soon as possible - he's excited to level up.

Garrett wants to be at the table and wants to take ownership at the higher level of projects, hires, strategy. Let's get Garrett added to the content and social media as well. How can we build an amazing culture? What are our traditions and rituals? How can we make JobWise amazing? Let's make a habit of visiting schools/employers and talking to customers, etc.

Let's get Pete on a lunch call with the team.



