---
created: 2023-11-01 21:05
modified: 2023-11-01 22:23
date: 2023-11-01
meeting-type: vendor-call
company-name: Amy Amman Consulting
role: participant
participants:
  - Tyler Doermann
  - Amy Amman
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Amy Call

Intro on JobWise

We were focused on permanent for a long time, but we're just now starting to explore staffing and temping opportunities across a variety of verticals. It seems like a lot of the new generation prefers the flexibility and freedom of temping.

We're still learning the playbook, and so we're considering bringing someone on on a consulting basis to help us figure it out. Would love to learn a bit more about you and your experience, does that sound good?

- Tell me a bit about what you did at Quikly?
- How would you approach the employment relationship with temps? How did you go about vetting?
- How did you think about launching in new geos and gaining supply and demand?
   - promotions
   - channels
   - value prop
- 

EOR - you're selling HR resources.
Market pricing vs stabilization pricing.
Employer registration in each state.
She helped manage their finances and billing and revenue recognition
- They were selling people and their expertise - that was their COGS. Their payroll.
She was heavily focused on the expenses as opposed to the revenue.
They didn't really gel between revenue and expenses - she feels that was one of the pitfalls of Kwikly.
It was very expensive to onboard people. She would've liked to get more people and drive higher utilization rates. She felt like there wasn't great awareness around the costs.
They weren't making enough margins on their shifts.
They were charging 25-30% but that goes fast.
Highly competitive market in dental and medical. Red ocean.
She felt like Kwikly was making bad decisions.
You can throw more money at the job seeker, but that's going to hurt your margins.
Their dental offices didn't want to work with tech. Very old fashioned.
Her neighbor is a travel nurse (late 20s-30s) at the mayo clinic, and they're paying him a TON
She feels like the economy  can't support the price pressure for long
Marketing costs can get VERY expensive. Kwikly had very high CAC.
Getting them on the system alone is a huge cost. Vetting them. There's also a cost to get them working.
She thinks that industries that aren't doing it are more interesting. She doesn't like red ocean.
A lot of the competitors are in employer-friendly states.
They saw the trend of people wanting W-2 staffing. Kwikly did W2.
They dealt with W2 expenses as they grew.
She was somewhat involved in gaining supply in new areas. She was more involved in the operations after they came in. She thinks this could be optimized. 
She said she has poured a LOT of hours into payroll software.
She said "STAY AWAY" from payroll processors charging $15+/month/user. She sees risk there too.
It's a footrace. There is a lot of well-funded competition going fast.
Everyone's going to Texas, Arizona, Florida (employer-friendly, centralized, growing).
They would buy lists of dental associations and registered hygienists from each state.
Having an analytics person goes a long way.

Starting with supply vs demand?

What's your availability and capacity for consulting? 
- She's open. She would love to help out with internal staffing, operations and processes so we can scale. She's also happy to assist with finding, vetting, and onboarding. Cutting expenses. Analyzing margins. She's open for either project or retainer-based. Help us navigate the landmines.

And do you have any non-compete considerations?
- No

What's your rate?
- Retainer
- 20-40 hours/week - 1099
- $200/hour 
- More hours - lower rate
- Would prefer project-based
