---
created: 2023-12-14 00:20
modified: 2023-12-14 01:01
date: 2023-12-14
meeting-type: investor-meeting
company-name: NFX
role: participant
participants:
  - Ben Zimmer
  - Pete Flint
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Seso Call


Pete Flint
4 years at Seso


JobWise:
- Trade schools (perm, staffing, DIY staffing)
- Medical & Dental
- Spending a lot of money on staffing agencies and we're offering software to help them bring it in house


Play:
- SAAS or marketplace?

Value prop:
- Compliance?
- Pricing?
- Talent aqcuisition?
- Talent management?

Payroll:
- EOR vs Embedded
- Software provider?

Responsibility Sharing:
- Attracting Talent
- Vetting Talent
- Scheduling Talent
- Managing Talent

Pricing:
- Take rate? or Subscription?

Risk:
- Payroll float
- 

Seso:
They're doing embedded
They're working with Check
Managed payroll
- With this, they're doing a take rate
Land and expand with visas as the trojan horse
They're Rippling for Ag
They're doing payroll because it's really inefficient in Ag
They've shied away from being the EOR because of the risk and liability
They're more interested in being PEO
A lot of EOR tech companies are positioning themselves as PEOs
https://www.justworks.com/blog/whats-a-peo
Are we the company that's actually hiring and firing them?

In agriculture, 1/3 of the workers are employed by labor contractors. They're hiring them, managing them, paying them, etc. Big take rates (60%). The farms don't want to spend that much money. They do it because of the liability, so that's where Seso comes in.

Bill Gurley told them, "You can't do SAAS and marketplace. You have to pick."

"Assembling the airplane while they're flying it"

Find the main pain point they're having and solve for that. Is it attracting, vetting, compliance, scheduling, paying, etc.? 

"Make sure to get Pete's feedback on product because he's a product genius"
