---
created: 2023-07-26 14:02
modified: 2023-07-26 14:49
date: 2023-07-26
meeting-type: customer-call
company-name: MTECH
role: participant
participants:
  - Brandon
  - Becky
  - Thomas
  - Lisa
  - Alan
tags:
  -


# MTECH

The big thing they want is the ability to know what's in Northstar and what's not. They have no idea right now.

If faculty hit one hiccup, they stop using the product. Brandon stopped Becky in the cafeteria with frustration. He sent out a bulk message w/ the assignedTo variable and it didn't send out from him. 

They were confused about date filters on the dashboard. It says "Graduation Date" but it's really "End Date." We need to rename that to "End Date." That needs to be in the filter and the table. Also, we're not showing non-graduate in the status.

Should we re-add the fiscal year dropdown and let schools configure their fiscal year month (July)? Every time they login, this 

Message noti bubble also isn't specific to the logged-in person.

They'd like the quick view numbers/counts to reflect the filters. They ultimately want faculty to see exactly what's relevant to them. They're overwhelmed by features, by too many students, by high school students, by having to click to see what they want to see. Default to what they need. 

Becky would like their faculty to be able to see:
- If they completed or didn't complete
- What their outcome is
- If they're licensed

Thomas: "We could do an automation to auto send the tracker assistant."

They want more satisfaction/feedback when a student if complete or when they've completed their task
- They've got current students
- They've got high school students
- They've got alumni
- They've got tons of filters
- They're overwhelmed

Thomas: "Should we do a weekly webinar or training?"
Lisa/Alan: "It'd be hard for them to attend"

We should send a follow-up email.

Have a release notes go out that highlights the simplified workflow. Release everything at once. Maybe make a video?

Having a knowledge center longterm would be super helpful. 

Becky is going to send us a file of all outcomes so we can diff them against what's in JobWise. 
