---
created: 2024-05-15 22:21
modified: 2024-05-15 23:22
date: 2024-05-15
meeting-type: customer-call
role: participant
participants:
  - Roz
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Roz Call

PBJ reporting would take about a week because they had to add agency hours into CMS to get credit for all the hours in PPD

Agency workers punch in with their agency system so they get paid. They could care less about your hours.

Include more options in the week start day. Their overtime work week usually mirrors their pay period.

Could be nice to give them a setting to change from military time to regular time. 20% of her locations used regular time.

There will be sometimes be a 15 minute period between times of day.

They try not to make promises with unit assignments because you go where you're needed. Try to give them the preferred but be willing to be flexible when needed to hit care needs.

Area assignments are fluid and hour based more than time based (like we've built it).

Make open shifts in the platform open to agency so they can see where the needs are coming down the pipe. Super cool!! "Give projections to the agency." Then eventually open up certain shifts for agency to request to fill.

Facilities usually already having pricing contracts with the agencies they're working with.

They would firm up agency commitments about a week before. They would usually email their needs to the agency.

Add the ability to add agency contracts into the system. Cancellation charges, prices, etc.

Roz would give their agency a login to view their onshift shifts.

Add the ability to change roles on the calendar. And maybe define % direct care per role as opposed to user role.

Break up % direct care per day.

DON, ADON and unit manager work the same schedule all the time. Supervisor take the duty of an RN or an LPN.


