---
created: 2024-02-26 21:46
modified: 2024-02-26 23:08
date: 2024-02-26
meeting-type: customer-call
role: participant
participants:
  - Tyler Doermann
  - Roz
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Roz Call

Questions:
- When you're working with part time employees, can you assign them flexibly? Or are they typically pretty rigid?
- How would you typically handle time-off requests? Did you use any system for that?
- New spreadsheets

Most orgs won't do self scheduling unless they have TONS of resources.

Unit managers and supervisors are typically only working M-F

A lot of employees dropped FT requirements to 30 hours/week to comply with ACA.

Part time is rigid as well. They typically don't allow people to pick up partial shifts. They will often commit to a set schedule.

Contingent staff is more flexible - you can request them to pick up shifts.

CMS requires an RN to be on the floor for 8 hours a day - for the whole facility. Heavily affects 5 star rating.

There's no way for the system to auto generate a schedule or auto assign.

Half hour crossover between shifts.

At the first of march, you should be posting your schedule for April. PTO request timing depends on company policy (2 weeks before, 1 month before). If a building posts their schedule a month before, they would likely want it in before.

LPNs and RNs are pretty interchangable other than the 8 hour a day rule.

Schedulers shouldn't know wages. You can flag overtime risks but don't show financial amounts. Put a big old flag/warning to not let people get put into overtime.

She thinks of green as "go" so green to her could mean "fully scheduled?"

If you're going to include colors, include a visible key.

She said to give the schedulers as little information as possible - they're not very educated.

We're probably going to need a few different schedule views.

People are splitting shifts across units all the time.
