---
created: 2024-03-05 21:06
modified: 2024-03-05 21:46
date: 2024-03-05
meeting-type: customer-call
company-name: PACS
role: participant
participants:
  - Sally
  - Connor
  - Chad
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# PACS Call

Chad is the director of Workday
They have someone else over PCC

Tas is thinking about permissions and who will be able to see what:
- Org admin
- Regional admin
- Facility admin
- Scheduler

They use Azure for authentication.Working with Asana and PCC.

Org structure:
Going away from manually assigning permissions and going more towards roles.
Using azure to automatically assign distribution and roles to people.

ROLES:
5 or 6 main ones in every facility:
- Admin
- DON
- ESD
- BOM

Centralized:
- C-Suite
- VP
- Directors
- Supervisors
- ICs

They use OnPrem to house the users. A user will be placed in an OU that belongs to a building. Group policies are assigned to that OU. Planning on migrating from OnPrem to Azure. Distribution and Set groups.

Sally said one of the biggest things is going to be the integration with Workday and that it must fit into their current process, it must support their workflow. Any friction is going to be exhausting.

Doesn't want to integrate with Workday until after the pilot.

Connor has to convince his fellow admins to take place in the pilot. Sounds of lots of convincing. At the regional level, at the admin level, etc. Sally recommends asking the admins how long of a pilot they would like to do to get comfortable with the system.

"Workday web service for scheduling" - he's under the impression that we've done that before 😂

Going to meet with Chad on Thursday at 2 PM

"Full integration into workday for reporting would be best" - Sally

Getting the admins happy is going to be CRUCIAL.


