---
created: 2025-04-24 15:30
modified: 2025-04-24 17:13
date: 2025-04-24
meeting-type: vendor-call
company-name: Fly.io
role: participant
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Fly.io Call

1. Point in time recovery
2. Fly rolling deploys can be a bit rocky. Do you recommend flyCD?
   - Get soft limit and hard limit closer together
   - Could try playing with max concurrent param in fly deploy
       - https://fly.io/docs/flyctl/deploy/
   - curl -h "flyio-debug: doit" (look at the response headers)
   - Maybe test redis connection?
4. How can we discern between problems that are our fault vs fly's fault?
   - Do some machine diagnostics via SSH and send those in a support chat
   - Fork the database and then experiment with different actions/commands
6. How do you envision your stability and SLAs over the next 1-5 years?
    - Our need for stability is on an upward trajectory as we continue to scale
    - Fly's stability is on an upward trajectory from what we've seen
    - Us staying on fly.io will depend on if those ever intersect and we need more stability than you offer
    - They've figured out a lot of the software stability, and now they're focused on making the hardware as stable as possible. More redundancy, making sure there are spares, etc. They're working with vendors to make sure there are no single point of failures. Hot failover when possible, and at the minimum, spares. They expect stability to cotinue to improve over the coming weeks/months. They're trying to implement self-healing and automatic recovery.
5. Process labels in prometheus/grafana
6. More of an application question, but we're using nodejs, and that creates constraints where one user can take down the whole app by hogging all the CPU. Any suggestions?
   - Put heavy requests into bullmq. And do it synchronously. Then respond when complete.
8. Managed postgres/timescale
   - The supabase partnership has ended
   - Fly.io is launching their own managed postgres. They just launched in April, 2025.
   - They don't support timescale, yet.
   - 

