---
created: 2022-06-20 18:19
modified: 2022-06-22 03:14
date: 2022-06-22
journal-type: learning
tags:
  -


# Solstice

Vince - Founder of Cricket Health - just sold this year for $400M min. 

Ricky - Alta. From London. Worked at FB with Morgan. Just hired engineer #1 for 210 base and .1% equity.

John and Ross - Airdrop labs. From NY. Worked at PayPal and Venmo. Ross loves skiing in Utah. 

Narit - Founder of Dovly. They’re doing a consumer credit play helping consumers improve and monitor their credit. 

Matti - 

Nicole - from Bay Area. Lived all over the place and lived in China for 6 years. Running a vc fund focused on health and wellness. Invested in a company called Grin that provides automated toothbrushes.

Kara and Thornton - venmo for lawyers (sold to a company that then got acquired)

Fannie - nfx advisor for prepping for seed rounds 

Jeff (la jolla labs) - building machine learning models for cancer treatment

Marc - built a dev shop that wouldn’t scale so they liquidated. From Germany, co-founder of Drucker founder.


James - sending his 16 year old son on a sailing trip across the Atlantic. He’s sailed the pacific and Atlantic. Almost joined the church through a family friend he considered dating. Sailed from puerta vallarta to France. Going to sail from Spain to Greece - a Mediterranean sail that’s way treacherous. His wife helps him know who he is and become his best self. Cutter boat over sloop - double mainstays. 

Matthew and Mason - built a real estate virtual showing app then pivoted to democratized, simple helocs. Hitch.

Allan and Carina and Max - Warmly. Fully remote across the Bay Area and New York and Boston.

Maria - starting a seed fund for funding LatAm founders. Focusing first on Mexico. Trying to bring more female diversity into the picture. From Mexico City. 

Morgan - mini bernedoodle. Facebook crypto experience. 

Alissa - egg freezing. 

Sebastian - sailed to hawaii twice with a crew of 7 - just sold his boat. Drove from Europe to the Sahara desert (45 day trip) in a jeep. 

Joelle - wants to intro us to Workbay who’s doing job aggregation at the state level. 

Chris - founded Life360 in 2007 and has scaled it to 250M in revenue (100M of which came from Tile who they acquired a couple years ago). 500 employees. Freemium mode with subscription revenue. 

Classes:
Storytelling:
Tell the story from different archetypes. 

Story telling is more about your audience than you.

Discover what values to portray by deep listening - listen to people at an emotional level.

Would be very interesting to tell the JobWise story through a few different value lenses.


Culture:
More than 150 people, it becomes hard to remember names and people. 150 is the magic number of anthropology - average tribe size. 

Rituals - Sebastian would do daily lunch with everyone at a table. They would also do company bbqs. He would have new recruits make an update video for that month to show to the whole company to encourage storytelling.

Clearly, consistently communicate your culture and values. 

Breakfast and brainstorms - lunch and learns. 

Live consciously.

Can be aspirational or representative. 

Culture club - create a club where people can get together and talk about the culture. 

You have to live the culture you preach. 

Holidays, parties, parental, planned holidays, etc.

The Netflix culture policy. Pausay culture. 

Ask yourself the tough questions. 

Consistently revisit your culture and values.

One company created hashtags for values so people could openly share their thoughts with a value hashtag to justify. 


Leadership:
Overcoming your problem is priceless

Muse meditation device to monitor brain. 


Breaking through fear:
This recession is billionaire making opportunity

Have confidence that you will win the war even if you lose the battle. 
