---
created: 2023-04-24 14:28
modified: 2023-05-01 15:14
date: 2023-05-01
tags:
  - keep-import
---

# Town Hall

Objective:
Job Seeker Engagement!!!

Goal:
- Send 1,000 career assistant texts and measure the heck out of the results
    - Send in groups of 100 and analyze response?
    - Should we start experimenting with message copy as well?
    - We have TSTC today - how many do we want to push them to send?
       - They have 32,000 waiting there

Monetization:
Growth vs. Monetization Framework

I'd love to take some time as a product team and brain dump everything on our minds and then prioritize.

Where do we want JRead focused?
- Employer communication flow

Leftover cleanup:

Onboarding:
Make sure this flow is DIALED from end to end (school enrolling the student to the student signing up and joining)

Bot:
Messages are getting filtered
- link shortener or no link?
- lower throughput (per day and per second)
- keep character count under 140
Conversion is low for some reason
- looks like a lot of wrong numbers
- maybe we need to try different copy
Switch to GPT?

Cleanup:
Delete old code (school CSV upload, akin admin mock functions, old profile, etc.)
Hiding irrelevant data (Summit only wants last 2 years)
Clean up and prevent school/employer duplicates. Materialize reputation.
Change copy of flag job posting

Dashboard:
Select all button not working
Move to student level
When do we want the quick view numbers to go down?

FF:
TSTC integration schedule (need to pull during the day)
Auto approve if the outcome is manually entered
Deck out QR code (which phone number do we tie resume upload to?)
Bulk close

Profile:
Tie profile backfill to resume upload in profile
Support docx with uploads. Support profile backfill from resume upload in profile.
Default to weekly?

Licenses:
Make sure we're not making too many GPT calls (lazy load)
Edit/delete credentials
Allow custom skills
Point at foreign keys instead of temp values throughout codebase

Reporting:
Get the campus address and program cip code backfillers automatically running

Canada:
Canada server

